

The object of the game is for the user to guess the colors the program has
chosen.

When the program starts, the user can select from three modes: beginner, intermediate, advanced. In the beginner mode, the program choses six distinct colors. In the intermediate mode, one of the colors may be duplicated (optionally), that is there may be four or five distinct colors and one color optionally may appear twice. In the advanced mode, any number of colors, among the six, may be duplicated.

The user obviously does not know the color the program has chosen.

The operations user can perform and the outcome:

User enters six colors:
The program displays a color code back to indicate the progress the user has made. 

If the user guessed the exact color combination, including the positions, the result is six black colors. The game ends now with a message that the user has won and the program reveals the color selected.

If the user guessed only some colors, then the result has as many black colors as the number of direct positions matches and as many silver colors for each match that is in an incorrect position.

For example, if the program selected green, red, blue, white, orange, purple, and the user entered cyan, yellow, blue, orange, violet, red, then the program will display black, silver, silver.

User gives up: 
The program displays the colors selected, game ends with a message the user has lost.

User has made 20 tries:
The program displays the colors selected, game ends with a message the user has lost (unless in the last try the user found the combination).

Your answer goes here:

How would you design this program? Discuss what language you would use, how you'd structure the program, what libraries you'ld use? Include a separate file (may be a scan of hand drawn picture if you like, or a pdf, tiff, word document, etc.) which shows a UML diagram of your design.


We have come up with three classes namely:
   JFrame,JLabel,JButton  - adds support for swing, used to create gui
   Gui                    - this class handles the user interface part of the game
   PeaceOfMindGame        - this class handles the main logic of the game, its the brain of the game

 
Game Logic:-
-> We have Gui class that constitues the user interface of the game. Gui class will inherit from JFrame, and will have an object of JButton and JLabel .Gui class takes in user input, sends it to PeaceOfMindGame Class, gets results returned by it and displays the result for the user.

-> PeaceOfMindGame class handles the logic of the game, this class sets up the game based on user input. It also matches user input color with system generated colors and calculates the output of the game. Same class keeps track of the number of user guesses as well.

Language : JAVA 7
Library  : SWING for UI design

